 

Surf the waves of Emergent Time!

Open your Destiny Vortex!

Meet real aliens!



Register now for Soltec Unilateral Seminars in:


Von Neumann Implants: Recoding the Coelocanth

(now available, due to recent court decisions in favour of SUS)

The early theory of the coelocanth will be reviewed. Together with 
recently-declassified facts in the case of the Earth scientist known as 
`Jon von Neumann', a variety of revisionist analyses of this `living 
fossil' will be discussed in light of several lesser-known UFO abduc-
tion hoaxes of the 1960s and 1970s involving small neural/nasal 
implants. A para-transformational grammatical model of the 
human mind will be developed, with special attention to the 
`remote-control' possibilities afforded by a particular type of neuro-
implant based on Delgado's later work at SRI.

Course material will consist of recent psychosexual profiles of, psy-
chometric BMI, NPCS and XENO test-regime results for, 
and realtime vidlink remote-control 
capability over, the following guest lecturers:

<akbender>, human-interface specialist from the Soron Delegation

Gus Grissom, self-proclaimed 20-th C astronaut and indicted psy-
chic adventurer

Ax. Herovix, stechfoic writer and also-ran nominee for the Erebus 
Award, 2031

This course contains a pre-encoded indicator that our time of com-
pletion is near. Previous exposure to formal influx-classification the-
ory is recommended. 

High-speed capsule ejection: A SocioLinguistic Perspective

	(no experience required but high-G tolerance strongly recom-
mended)

A history of in-flight ejection at supersonic speeds, with emphasis 
on full-body capsule systems. Using case histories from the B-58, 
XB-70 and SR-71 flight systems, an ideo-semantic theory of real-
time cognition during ejection will be developed, with special 
emphasis on novel interpretations of the complex hallucinatory epi-
sodes often reported by the pilots involved. Forensic data obtained 
from the US Air Force under a recent court-ruling in a public-access 
case brought by SUS lawyers will be supplemented with psychiatric 
profiles supplied by the Lovelace Clinic.

Ten Thousand Intelligent Configurations: Theory and Practice 
of the Cosmic Interface Hierarchy

The seventh smallest part of the student's moment-to-moment atten-
tion will be used as the minimal starting point for a lively discussion of 
the sub-Planck nano-discrete lattices that make up the post-Standard 
space-time continuum. Alternative logical foundational schemes, 
with and without the Axiom of Choice, will be motivated to account 
for the obviously counter-intuitive results that have been observed in 
recent years. Various historical measures of the inherent `intelli-
gence' or `self-awareness' of the plenum underlying the multitude of 
sub-atomic particles studied by your Earth physicists will be 
reviewed, critiqued and superceded by a novel theory of superstable 
transfinitary generative schemes that will be shown capable of 
explaining, in principle, the new spiral of evolution that your world 
is embarking upon. 

New Trends in Cockpit Voice Recorders and Flight Data Mon-
itoring

	Facilitated by Dr. A. Collins, forensic computer specialist for the 
NTSB, NASA oral historian and controversial ex-pilot. Dr Collins 
will outline his recent work in this exciting field. Examples will be 
drawn from the official data record of his own near-fatal crash into 
Mt. Erebus.

What Really Happened to Albert K Bender?

	A 3 day neuro-intensive on the famous UFO researcher who first reported 
the celebrated "men in black" in his 1953 book, "Flying Saucers and the Three Men".
Emphasis will be on the strange narrative of the three women in white which was 
given scant few pages in the book, and has received virtually no attention from 
ufologists. The published story of Bender's encounter with them was an 
innocuous romp, mildly titillating perhaps, yet far less graphic than the 
other tales of sexual intercourse with ufonauts that were then circulating in 
the flying saucer community and the others that have been published over 
the intervening years. The time has come when this 
remarkable and sometimes distasteful aspect of the Bender mystery must be
granted the significance that it holds.
The late investigator will be channelled through 
Soron, an SUS-certified control medium, and author of "Timetable 
for Tethys: A Blueprint for Humanity's Next Ten Thousand Years".

NTIS: Awakening the Neuro Telemetry Input System.

	A rigorous presentation of the Neuro Telemetry Input System. 
Immerse yourself in a healing alignment of your subtle modalities. 
Special attention will be paid to the relationship between the NTIS 
and `The Supersonic Working' and several other Thelemic magickal 
operations. Using the diaries of Aleister Crowley and JPL co-
founder Jack Parsons, together with recently declassified NASA/
NSA technical reports, the students will gain a thorough understand-
ing of this remarkable technology and its implications for our time, 
and beyond.

	Guest lecturers include:

	. Dr B. Scott, Director of PARC, channeller of `Komar', 

	. Virgil `Gus' Grissom, sole-survivor of the Apollo capsule fire, 
neuro-encodement Intuitive, NTSB psychic and well-known venture 
capitalist.

	. Andy `Abraxas' Herovit, neuro-theorist, mathematician, ex-tech-
nical writer and first Chaos Magus to intone the Enochian keys 
on the summit of Mt. Erebus

Daily Life on Venus.

	This eye-opening and uplifting account of everyday life on your lov-
ing sister planet will be channelled by Kkkelsheetsssi, a dolphin 
Intuitive well-known for his stunning command of Sychronic Uni-
versal Symbolics, a pan-galactic universal language devel-
oped for communication with higher Intelligences.

_The flowers and songbirds, the shimmering sheets of primal vibrations, 
the graceful fountains, the pleasing sculptures of malleable glass, 
the alluring hum of the recrystallization machines, the circular black 
staircases spiralling between the jewelled diases, the intriguing 
brilliancy of the walls of the oasis dome itself,  the burnished 
thought reflectors presiding over the foaming terraces, the thru-tube 
inserts suspended from the arched entrance portals, the beryllium 
disks levitating in the endearing C-band alcoves around 
the outer edge of the dome, the loving conveyance of enthralling images 
of light, the magnetic plexus that was shaping my moment-to-moment 
operational parameters, the sublime sense of electrodic beneficence 
and multivariate logics that suffuse the thrilling scene..._ 


*{ Full, unfettered access to this information, and much more, is your right, on Venus.
	Ask your government why Earth should be any different.
  A message in the public interest from the Soltec Consortium }*

