We of the Directorate!

We shall glance back with phase-coupled eyes
 through our staggering timescopes!
 Inciting somnambulism
  for our vertiginous plunge forward.

We of the Directorate
 shall assassinate all axiomatic thought!
We shall apprehend the sisters of the World,
 with our specified formalisms,
 caressing the loins of Luna
 and ravishing the Morning Star herself!

We of the Directorate
 shall evoke new levels of memory hierarchy,
  maximally-thresholded intensities
  and fast reservation protocols.

We shall
 conjure our serial entelechy,
 precipitate our crystalline annunciation,
 and reconfigure the very isotopes of our flesh.

Through the secret aperatures
 of the convulsing noosphere
  and the enticing Zones of the awakened serpent,
 with flexible triple-zeta strategies
  and the highest degree of cytoplasmic specialization,
we will distill
 the mysteries of the World Soul herself,
 tame Nature's Ape with stern justice,
 and build with soaring grandeur,
  stripping bare the Tower and
  recasting its foundations in our vast crucibles.

During the glorious ceremonies
 held across our wide commonwealth,
we shall,
 with telemetric neuroscopes,
 involute alpha-discriminators
 and cascaded protein assemblers
  of loving quantal resolution,
project the fecundity of the Proto-genetrix itself,
 correlate random basis sets,
 categorize with impunity over all lambda domains,
 coerce chirplet-transform schemata
 and caress chromatographic scenarios
  of infinitely-indexed intent.

In our self-organizing info-mantic hives,
 in our deep-sky telescopes,
  of ylemic lookback time,
 in our titanic leviathans even now
 remaking entire worlds;
In our synthesized chrono-gametic fields
that even now
 tickle the exquisite roots
  of our grand triumph,
 tease all appreciation of number
 and twist the subspace-quiescent superstrings
  themselves...

Here!

Here are the seeds of time!
 The scent of our singularity!
 The shifts in the 467 nm lines!
 The soaring revisionist affirmation!

Here,
 as the rekindled Promethians,
 as the cryomantic candidates of the collapsed
  core of our concretizing future;
 as the renewed guardians of our common destiny,
  holding high the fiery crystal;
 as the revised seekers
  of that Glorious Metal,
 as the renewed Archons of the second Pleroma,
we shall magnify the subtle energies of Venusian lust,
 drink from those slick, parted lips,
 harmonically generate
  our exquisitely self-conscious cosmos,
 and stride across the ringing immensity of space.

Over the great thoroughfares
 that we shall build,
During the glorious ceremonies
 that we shall declare,
Across the vast and shining towers
 that we shall raise,
Through the enormous engines
 that we shall command,
Under the sprawling stations
 that we shall spin
  all spidery into the shimmering sky;

Prefigured
 in the daring dreams of Dee, Zosimos and Bacon;
 in the drug-fuelled delirium of Victor Neuberg,
  his tight hole puckered for Aleister's greased rod;
 in the last glance of Parsons at the flaming sigil
  searing his scrotal sac;
 in the vast night that Lovecraft heralded
 and whose ecstatic praises encancerated his roiling bowels;

in His impatient tremors
that are even now
 routinely registered along the San Andreas fault,
 and ignored by the dull-minded,
  heads deep in the sand of their outmoded paradigms.

We are catapulted into the future-present:

 as Macchu Picchu's black-body stone
  begin to glow in the encircling fires,
 as the Mid-Atlantic Ridge was time-averaged and profiled,
  via all accepted methods;
 as the cross-correlated echo-imagery of McMurdo Sound
  is flashed across the elevated JPL monitors
  for all the world to see and praise;
 as the VLF booster-stations along the Pacific floor
  suddenly fell silent;
 as the seismometers clinging to the long-dry shores
  of the Sea of Storms relay their final readings;
 as the Hubble's encrypted channels
  were inserted into CNN's public feed;
 as the .mil domain become inaccessible,
 and a new island appears,
  brutal lifeless sister to the Galapagos-----

Cthulhu!
 Quivering Lord of Infinite Displacement!
 Searing Sovereign of Dark Rumination!
 All-seeing Eye of a million tortured dreams...
 The very seat of our strength!
 Here is the squirming fundament of chronoiliastic steadfastness:
 The gruesome guile guiding our gryphon grip;
 The howling, harrowing hysteria hypostasizing our hideous strength;
 The ideodynamic, impenetrable isolation instantiating into our
  immense, impending inchoate identity.

